Refactor and improve docs (#134)
argilla-io/distilabel: docs/technical-reference/tasks.md

```python
--8<-- "docs/snippets/technical-reference/tasks/generic_openai_self_instruct.py"
```

For the API reference visit  [SelfInstructTask][distilabel.tasks.text_generation.self_instruct.SelfInstructTask].

## Labelling

Instead of generating text, you can instruct the `LLM` to label datasets. The existing tasks are designed specifically for creating `Preference` datasets.

### Preference

Preference datasets for Language Models (LLMs) are sets of information that show how people rank or prefer one thing over another in a straightforward and clear manner. These datasets help train language models to understand and generate content that aligns with user preferences, enhancing the model's ability to generate contextually relevant and preferred outputs.

> Contrary to the `TextGenerationTask`, the `PreferenceTask` is not intended for direct use. It implements the default methods `input_args_names` and `output_args_names`, but `generate_prompt` and `parse_output` are specific to each `PreferenceTask`. Examining the output_args_names reveals that the generation will encompass both the rating and the rationale that influenced that rating. `distilabel` implements the following preference tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contrary to the `TextGenerationTask`, the `PreferenceTask` is not intended for direct use. It implements the default methods `input_args_names` and `output_args_names`, but `generate_prompt` and `parse_output` are specific to each `PreferenceTask`. Examining the `output_args_names` reveals that the generation will encompass both the rating and the rationale that influenced that rating.
```

#### UltraFeedbackTask

> The task specially designed to build the prompts following the UltraFeedback paper: [UltraFeedback: Boosting Language Models With High Quality Feedback](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2310.01377.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The task specifically designed to build the prompts following the format defined in the ["UltraFeedback: Boosting Language Models With High Quality Feedback"](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2310.01377.pdf) paper.
```

```python
--8<-- "docs/snippets/technical-reference/tasks/openai_for_text_quality.py"
```

- Helpfulness:

The following example creates a UltraFeedback task to emphasize helpfulness, that is overall quality and correctness of the output:

```python
--8<-- "docs/snippets/technical-reference/tasks/openai_for_helpfulness.py"
```

- Truthfulness:

The following example creates a UltraFeedback task to emphasize truthfulness and hallucination assessment:

```python
--8<-- "docs/snippets/technical-reference/tasks/openai_for_truthfulness.py"
```

- Honesty:

The following example creates a UltraFeedback task to emphasize honesty and uncertainty expression assessment:

```python
--8<-- "docs/snippets/technical-reference/tasks/openai_for_honesty.py"
```

- Instruction Following:

The following example creates a UltraFeedback task to emphasize the evaluation of alignment between output and intent:

```python
--8<-- "docs/snippets/technical-reference/tasks/openai_for_instruction_following.py"
```

> For the API reference visit [UltraFeedbackTask][distilabel.tasks.preference.ultrafeedback.UltraFeedbackTask].

Reviewer: Maybe we can keep these collapsed using content tabs? See more at https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/content-tabs/#linked-content-tabs

Author: yeah:
![image](https://github.com/argilla-io/distilabel/assets/56895847/a74394d5-98e4-42dc-bcd3-c7f5852623f3)
